Document how to test translations with the test project setting (#5488)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/i18n/internationalizing_games.rst

and Hebrew locales, in case they indicate movement or direction (e.g. back/forward
buttons), otherwise they can remain the same.

> Testing Translations
> --------------------
> 
> You may want to test a games translation before release, Godot provides two ways to
> do this.
> 
> First, in the project settings under **Input Devices > Locale** there is a ``Test`` property.
> Set it to the locale that you want to test and Godot will run the project with that locale
> from the editor.
> 
> ..image:: img/locale_test.png
> 
> Keep in mind that as this is a project setting it will show up in version control, and it
> should be set back to nothing before committing changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing translations
--------------------

You may want to test a project's translation before releasing it. Godot provides two ways to
do this.

First, in the Project Settings, under **Input Devices > Locale**, there is a **Test** property. Set this property to the locale code of the language you want to test. Godot will run the project with that locale when the project is run (either from the editor or when exported).

..image:: img/locale_test.png

Keep in mind that since this is a project setting, it will show up in version control when it is set to a non-empty value. Therefore, it should be set back to an empty value before committing changes to version control.
```
